Path: orodruin.fido.de!fido.de!comnets.rwth-aachen.de!news.rwth-aachen.de!uni-paderborn.de!fu-berlin.de!newshub.tc.umn.edu!spool.mu.edu!uwm.edu!lll-winken.llnl.gov!enews.sgi.com!news.mathworks.com!newsfeed.internetmci.com!swrinde!cssun.mathcs.emory.edu!cc.gatech.edu!not-for-mail
From: Michael K. Johnson <johnsonm@redhat.com>
Newsgroups: comp.os.linux.announce,comp.os.linux.hardware,comp.os.linux.setup,comp.os.linux.networking,comp.os.linux.x,comp.os.linux.answers,comp.os.linux.misc,comp.answers,news.answers
Subject: Linux INFO-SHEET (part 1/1)
Followup-To: poster
Date: 3 Aug 1996 22:56:43 -0400
Organization: Linux HOWTO Project
Lines: 652
Sender: gregh@cc.gatech.edu
Approved: linux-answers@news.ornl.gov (Matt Welsh)
Message-ID: <INFO-SHEET.1-17816.839127402@cc.gatech.edu>
NNTP-Posting-Host: anacreon.cc.gatech.edu
NNTP-Posting-User: gregh
Summary: Generic introduction to the Linux operating system
Keywords: Linux, HOWTO, generic information
Frequency: monthly
Xref: orodruin.fido.de comp.os.linux.announce:444 news.answers:38

Archive-name: linux/info-sheet
Last-modified: 2 Aug 96

-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----

*** The `Linux INFO-SHEET' is posted automatically by the
*** Linux HOWTO coordinator, Greg Hankins <gregh@sunsite.unc.edu>.  Please
*** direct any comments or questions about this HOWTO to the author,
*** Michael K. Johnson <johnsonm@redhat.com>.

- --- BEGIN Linux INFO-SHEET part 1/1 ---

  Linux Information Sheet
  Michael K. Johnson, johnsonm@redhat.com
  v4.8, 16 July 1996

  This document provides basic information about the Linux operating
  system, including an explanation of Linux, a list of features, some
  requirements, and some resources.

  1.  Introduction to Linux

  Linux is a completely free reimplementation of the POSIX spec, with
  SYSV and BSD extensions (which means it looks like Unix, but does not
  come from the same source code base), which is available in both
  source code and binary form.  It is copyrighted by Linus B. Torvalds
  (Linus.Torvalds@Helsinki.FI) and other contributors, and is freely
  redistributable under the terms of the GNU Public License.

  Linux is not public domain, nor is it `shareware'.  It is `free'
  software, commonly called freeware, and you may give copies away, but
  you must also give the source with it or make it available in the same
  way.  If you redistribute any modifications, you are legally bound to
  distribute the source for those modifications.  See the GNU Public
  License for details.  A copy is included with the Linux source, or you
  can get a copy via ftp from prep.ai.mit.edu in /pub/gnu/COPYING

  Linux is still free as of version 2.0, and will continue to be.
  Because of the nature of the GNU copyright which Linux is subject to,
  it would be illegal for it to be made not free.  Note carefully: it is
  perfectly legal to charge money for distributing Linux, so long as you
  also distribute the source code.  This is a generalization; if you
  want the fine points, read the GPL.

  Linux runs on 386/486/Pentium machines with ISA, EISA, PCI and VLB
  busses.  MCA (IBM's proprietary bus) is not currently well-supported
  because there has been neither much documentation for nor significant
  interest in this dinosaur, although some patches are available for a
  few machines. If you are interested, see
  <http://www.undergrad.math.uwaterloo.ca/~cpbeaure/mca-linux.html>

  There is a port in progress for multiple Motorola 680x0 platforms
  (currently running on some Amigas and Ataris), which now works quite
  well.  It requires a 68020 with an MMU, a 68030, 68040, or a 68060,
  and also requires an FPU. Networking and X now work.

  Linux runs well on DEC's Alpha CPU, currently supporting the "Jensen",
  "NoName", "Cabriolet", "Universal Desktop Box" (better known as the
  Multia), and some other platforms.

  Linux is being rapidly ported to the Sun Sparc; most Sparcs now run
  Linux, but there isn't a distribution available yet. Red Hat has one
  underway.

  Ports to other machines, including MIPS, PowerPC, and PowerMAC, are
  under way and showing various amounts of progress.  Don't hold your
  breath, but if you are interested and able to contribute, you may well
  find other developers who wish to work with you.

  Linux is no longer considered to be in beta testing, as version 1.0
  was released on March 14, 1994.  There are still bugs in the system,
  and new bugs will creep up and be fixed as time goes on.  Because
  Linux follows the ``open development model'', all new versions will be
  released to the public, whether or not they are considered
  ``production quality''.  However, in order to help people tell whether
  they are getting a stable version or not, the following scheme has
  been implemented:  Versions 1.x.y, where x is an even number, are
  stable versions, and only bug fixes will be applied as y is
  incremented.  So from version 1.2.2 to 1.2.3, there were only bug
  fixes, and no new features.  Versions 1.x.y, where x is an odd number,
  are beta-quality releases for developers only, and may be unstable and
  may crash, and are having new features added to them all the time.
  >From time to time, as the currect development kernel stabilizes, it
  will be frozen as the new ``stable'' kernel, and development will
  continue on a new development version of the kernel.

  The current stable version is 2.0.x (currently changing as a few bugs
  get ironed out), and soon development will start on the experimental
  2.1.x kernels.  If 2.0.x is too new for you, you may want to stick
  with 1.2.13 for the time being.

  Most versions of Linux, beta or not, are quite stable, and you can
  keep using those if they do what you need and you don't want to be on
  the bleeding edge.  One site had a computer running version 0.97
  patchlevel 1 (dating from the summer of 1992) for over 136 days
  without an error or crash.  (It would have been longer if the backhoe
  operator hadn't mistaken a main power transformer for a dumpster...)
  Others have posted uptimes in excess of a year. One site still has a
  computer running Linux 0.99pl15s since it was originally booted over
  600 days ago.  (It may have been upgraded by now, since it has now
  been over 3 years since 0.99pl15s was first booted on it.)

  One thing to be aware of is that Linux is developed using an open and
  distributed model, instead of a closed and centralized model like much
  other software.  This means that the current development version is
  always public (with up to a week or two's delay) so that anybody can
  use it.  The result is that whenever a version with new functionality
  is released, it almost always contains bugs, but it also results in a
  very rapid development so that the bugs are found and corrected
  quickly, often in hours, as many people work to fix them.

  In contrast, the closed and centralized model means that there is only
  one person or team working on the project, and they only release
  software that they think is working well.  Often this leads to long
  intervals between releases, long waiting for bug fixes, and slower
  development.  Of course, the latest release of such software to the
  public is often of higher quality, but the development speed is
  generally much slower.

  As of July 16, 1996, the current stable version of Linux is 2.0.7, and
  the new development tree, 2.1.x, has not yet been started.

  2.  Linux Features

    multitasking: several programs running at once.

    multiuser: several users on the same machine at once (and no two-
     user licenses!).

    multiplatform: runs on many different CPUs, not just Intel.

    runs in protected mode on the 386.

    has memory protection between processes, so that one program can't
     bring the whole system down.

    demand loads executables: Linux only reads from disk those parts of
     a program that are actually used.

    shared copy-on-write pages among executables.  This means that
     multiple process can use the same memory to run in.  When one tries
     to write to that memory, that page (4KB piece of memory) is copied
     somewhere else.  Copy-on-write has two benefits: increasing speed
     and decreasing memory use.

    virtual memory using paging (not swapping whole processes) to disk:
     to a separate partition or a file in the filesystem, or both, with
     the possibility of adding more swapping areas during runtime (yes,
     they're still called swapping areas).  A total of 16 of these 128
     MB swapping areas can be used at once, for a theoretical total of 2
     GB of useable swap space.

    a unified memory pool for user programs and disk cache, so that all
     free memory can be used for caching, and the cache can be reduced
     when running large programs.

    dynamically linked shared libraries (DLL's), and static libraries
     too, of course.

    does core dumps for post-mortem analysis, allowing the use of a
     debugger on a program not only while it is running but also after
     it has crashed.

    mostly compatible with POSIX, System V, and BSD at the source
     level.

    through an iBCS2-compliant emulation module, mostly compatible with
     SCO, SVR3, and SVR4 at the binary level.

    all source code is available, including the whole kernel and all
     drivers, the development tools and all user programs; also, all of
     it is freely distributable.  There are some commercial programs
     being provided for Linux now without source, but everything that
     has been free is still free.

    POSIX job control.

    pseudoterminals (pty's).

    387-emulation in the kernel so that programs don't need to do their
     own math emulation.  Every computer running Linux appears to have a
     math coprocessor.  Of course, if your computer already contains an
     FPU, it will be used instead of the emulation, and you can even
     compile your own kernel with math emulation removed, for a small
     memory gain.

    support for many national or customized keyboards, and it is fairly
     easy to add new ones dynamically.

    multiple virtual consoles: several independent login sessions
     through the console, you switch by pressing a hot-key combination
     (not dependent on video hardware).  These are dynamically
     allocated; you can use up to 64.

    Supports several common filesystems, including minix-1, Xenix, and
     all the common system V filesystems, and has an advanced filesystem
     of its own, which offers filesystems of up to 4 TB, and names up to
     255 characters long.

    transparent access to MS-DOS partitions (or OS/2 FAT partitions)
     via a special filesystem: you don't need any special commands to
     use the MS-DOS partition, it looks just like a normal Unix
     filesystem (except for funny restrictions on filenames,
     permissions, and so on).  MS-DOS 6 compressed partitions do not
     work at this time without a patch (dmsdosfs).  VFAT (WNT, Windows
     95) support has been added to the development kernel, and will be
     in the next stable release.

    special filesystem called UMSDOS which allows Linux to be installed
     on a DOS filesystem.

    read-only HPFS-2 support for OS/2 2.1

    read-only HFS (Macintosh) file system support is available as a
     patch, with read-write support underway (no scheduled release
     date).

    CD-ROM filesystem which reads all standard formats of CD-ROMs.

    TCP/IP networking, including ftp, telnet, NFS, etc.

    Appletalk server

    Netware client and server

    Lan Manager (SMB) client and server

  3.  Hardware Issues

  3.1.  Minimal configuration

  The following is probably the smallest possible configuration that
  Linux will work on: 386SX/16, 1 MB RAM, 1.44 MB or 1.2 MB floppy, any
  supported video card (+ keyboards, monitors, and so on of course).
  This should allow you to boot and test whether it works at all on the
  machine, but you won't be able to do anything useful.  See
  <http://rsphy1.anu.edu.au/~gpg109/mem.html> for minimal Linux
  configurations

  In order to do something, you will want some hard disk space as well,
  5 to 10 MB should suffice for a very minimal setup (with only the most
  important commands and perhaps one or two small applications
  installed, like, say, a terminal program).  This is still very, very
  limited, and very uncomfortable, as it doesn't leave enough room to do
  just about anything, unless your applications are quite limited.  It's
  generally not recommended for anything but testing if things work, and
  of course to be able to brag about small resource requirements.

  3.2.  Usable configuration

  If you are going to run computationally intensive programs, such as
  gcc, X, and TeX, you will probably want a faster processor than a
  386SX/16, but even that should suffice if you are patient.

  In practice, you need at least 4 MB of RAM if you don't use X, and 8
  MB if you do.  Also, if you want to have several users at a time, or
  run several large programs (compilations for example) at a time, you
  may want more than 4 MB of memory.  It will still work with a smaller
  amount of memory (should work even with 2 MB), but it will use virtual
  memory (using the hard drive as slow memory) and that will be so slow
  as to be unusable.

  The amount of hard disk you need depends on what software you want to
  install.  The normal basic set of Unix utilities, shells, and
  administrative programs should be comfortable in less than 10 MB, with
  a bit of room to spare for user files.  For a more complete system,
  get Red Hat, Debian, Slackware, or another distribution, and assume
  that you will need 60 to 200 MB, depending on what you choose to
  install and what distribution you get.  Add whatever space you want to
  reserve for user files to these totals.  With today's prices on hard
  drives, if you are buying a new system, it makes no sense to buy a
  drive that is too small.  Get at least 500 MB, preferably 1GB or more,
  and you will not regret it.

  Add more memory, more hard disk, a faster processor and other stuff
  depending on your needs, wishes and budget to go beyond the merely
  usable.  In general, one big difference from DOS is that with Linux,
  adding memory makes a large difference, whereas with dos, extra memory
  doesn't make that much difference.  This of course has something to do
  with DOS's 640KB limit, which is completely nonexistent under Linux.

  3.3.  Supported hardware

     CPU:
        Anything that runs 386 protected mode programs (all models of
        386's 486's, 586's, and 686's should work. 286s and below may
        someday be supported on a smaller kernel called ELKS (Embeddable
        Linux Kernel Subset), but don't expect the same capabilities.  A
        version for the 680x0 CPU (for x = 2 with external MMU, 3, 4,
        and 6) which runs on Amigas and Ataris can be found at
        tsx-11.mit.edu in the 680x0 directory.  Many DEC Alphas are
        supported. Some Sparcs are now supported. Ports are also being
        done to the PowerPC, ARM, and MIPS architectures.  More details
        are available elsewhere.

     Architecture:
        ISA or EISA bus.  MCA (mostly true blue PS/2's) support is
        incomplete (see above).  Local busses (VLB and PCI) work. Linux
        puts higher demands on hardware than DOS, Windows, and in fact
        most operating systems.  This means that some marginal hardware
        that doesn't fail when running less demanding operating system
        may fail when running Linux.  Linux is an excellent memory
        tester...

     RAM:
        Theoretically up to 1 GB; more on 64-bit platforms.  This has
        not been tested.  (If you test it, tell me!)  Some people
        (including Linus) have noted that adding ram without adding more
        cache at the same time has slowed down their machine extremely,
        so if you add memory and find your machine slower, try adding
        more cache.  Over 64MB will require a boot-time parameter, as
        the BIOS cannot report more than 64MB, because it is ``broken as
        designed.''

     Data storage:
        Generic AT drives (EIDE, IDE, 16 bit HD controllers with MFM or
        RLL, or ESDI) are supported, as are SCSI hard disks and CD-ROMs,
        with a supported SCSI adaptor.  Generic XT controllers (8 bit
        controllers with MFM or RLL) are also supported.  Supported SCSI
        adaptors: Adaptec 1542, 1522, 1740, 27xx, and 29xx series,
        Buslogic controllers (except Flashpoint), NCR53c810-based
        controllers, DPT controllers, Seagate ST-01 and ST-02, Future
        Domain TMC-88x series (or any board based on the TMC950 chip)
        and TMC1660/1680, Ultrastor 14F, 24F and 34F, Western Digital
        wd7000, and others.  SCSI, QIC-02, and some QIC-80 tapes are
        also supported. Several CD-ROM devices are also supported,
        including Matsushita/Panasonic, Mitsumi, Sony, Soundblaster,
        Toshiba, ATAPI (EIDE), SCSI, and others.  For exact models,
        check the hardware compatibility HOWTO.

     Video:
        VGA, EGA, CGA, or Hercules (and compatibles) work in text mode.
        For graphics and X, there is support for (at least) normal VGA,
        some super-VGA cards (most of the cards based on ET3000, ET4000,
        Paradise, and some Trident chipsets), S3, 8514/A, ATI MACH8, ATI
        MACH32, and hercules.  (Linux uses the Xfree86 X server, so that
        determines what cards are supported.)

     Networking:
        Western Digital 80x3, ne1000, ne2000, 3com503, 3com509, 3com589
        PCMCIA, Allied Telliesis AT1500, most LANCE boards, d-link
        pocket adaptors, PPP, SLIP, CSLIP, PLIP (Parallel Link IP), and
        many more.

     Serial:
        Most 16450 and 16550 UART-based boards, including AST Fourport,
        the Usenet Serial Card II, and others.  Intelligent boards
        supported include Cyclades Cyclom series (supported by the
        manufacturer), Comtrol Rocketport series (supported by the
        manufacturer), Stallion (most boards; supported by the
        manufacturer), and Digi (some boards; not manufacturer-
        supported).  Some ISDN, frame relay, and leased line hardware is
        supported.

     Other hardware:
        SoundBlaster, ProAudio Spectrum 16, Gravis Ultrasound, most
        other sound cards, most (all?)  flavours of bus mice (Microsoft,
        Logitech, PS/2), etc.

  4.  An Incomplete List of Ported Programs and Other Software

  Most of the common Unix tools and programs have been ported to Linux,
  including almost all of the GNU stuff and many X clients from various
  sources.  Actually, ported is often too strong a word, since many
  programs compile out of the box without modifications, or only small
  modifications, because Linux tracks POSIX quite closely.
  Unfortunately, there are not very many end-user applications at this
  time, but recently, this has begun to change.  Here is an incomplete
  list of software that is known to work under Linux.

     Basic Unix commands:
        ls, tr, sed, awk and so on (you name it, Linux probably has it).

     Development tools:
        gcc, gdb, make, bison, flex, perl, rcs, cvs, prof.

     Languages and Environments:
        C, C++, Objective C, Java, Modula-3, Modula-2, Oberon, Ada95,
        Pascal, Fortran, ML, scheme, Tcl/tk, Perl, Python, Common Lisp,
        and many others.

     Graphical environments:
        X11R5 (XFree86 2.x), X11R6 (XFree86 3.x), MGR.

     Editors:
        GNU Emacs, XEmacs, MicroEmacs, jove, ez, epoch, elvis (GNU vi),
        vim, vile, joe, pico, jed, and others.
     Shells:
        bash (POSIX sh-compatible), zsh (includes ksh compatiblity
        mode), pdksh, tcsh, csh, rc, es, ash (mostly sh-compatible shell
        used as /bin/sh by BSD), and many more.

     Telecommunication:
        Taylor (BNU-compatible) UUCP, SLIP, CSLIP, PPP, kermit, szrz,
        minicom, pcomm, xcomm, term (runs multiple shells, redirects
        network activity, and allows remote X, all over one modem line),
        Seyon (popular X-windows communications program), and several
        fax and voice-mail (using ZyXEL and other modems) packages are
        available.  Of course, remote serial logins are supported.

     News and mail:
        C-news, innd, trn, nn, tin, smail, elm, mh, pine, etc.

     Textprocessing:
        TeX, groff, doc, ez, Linuxdoc-SGML, and others.

     Games:
        Nethack, several Muds and X games, and lots of others.  One of
        those games is looking through all the games available at tsx-11
        and sunsite.

     Suites:
        AUIS, the Andrew User Interface System.  ez is part of this
        suite.

  All of these programs (and this isn't even a hundredth of what is
  available) are freely available.  Commercial software is becoming
  widely available, ask the vendor of your favorite package if they
  support Linux.

  5.  Who uses Linux?

  Linux is freely available, and no one is required to register their
  copies with any central authority, so it is difficult to know how many
  people use Linux.  Several businesses are now surviving solely on
  selling and supporting Linux, and very few Linux users use those
  businesses, relatively speaking, and the Linux newsgroups are some of
  the most heavily read on the internet, so the number is likely in the
  hundreds of thousands, but hard numbers are hard to come by.  However,
  one brave soul, Harald T. Alvestrand, has decided to try, and asks
  that if you use Linux, you send a message to linux-counter@uninett.no
  with one of the following subjects: ``I use Linux at home'', ``I use
  Linux at work'', or ``I use Linux at home and at work''.  He is also
  counting votes of ``I don't use Linux'', for some reason.  He posts
  his counts to comp.os.linux.misc.

  6.  Getting Linux

  6.1.  Anonymous FTP

  Matt Welsh has released a new version of his Installation and Getting
  Started guide, version 2.1.1.  Also, the Linux Documentation Project
  (the LDP) has put out several other books in various states of
  completion, and these are available at
  sunsite.unc.edu:/pub/Linux/docs/LDP.  Stay tuned to
  comp.os.linux.announce.  The Linux Documentation Project home page is
  at <http://sunsite.unc.edu/~mdw/linux.html>

  At least the following anonymous ftp sites carry Linux.

       Textual name                   Numeric address  Linux directory
       =============================  ===============  ===============
       tsx-11.mit.edu                 18.172.1.2       /pub/linux
       sunsite.unc.edu                152.2.22.81      /pub/Linux
       ftp.funet.fi                   128.214.248.6    /pub/OS/Linux
       net.tamu.edu                   128.194.177.1    /pub/linux
       ftp.mcc.ac.uk                  130.88.203.12    /pub/linux
       src.doc.ic.ac.uk               146.169.2.1      /packages/linux
       fgb1.fgb.mw.tu-muenchen.de     129.187.200.1    /pub/linux
       ftp.informatik.tu-muenchen.de  131.159.0.110    /pub/comp/os/linux
       ftp.dfv.rwth-aachen.de         137.226.4.111    /pub/linux
       ftp.informatik.rwth-aachen.de  137.226.225.3    /pub/Linux
       ftp.Germany.EU.net             192.76.144.75    /pub/os/Linux
       ftp.ibp.fr                     132.227.60.2     /pub/linux
       ftp.uu.net                     137.39.1.9       /systems/unix/linux
       wuarchive.wustl.edu            128.252.135.4    mirrors/linux
       ftp.win.tue.nl                 131.155.70.100   /pub/linux
       ftp.stack.urc.tue.nl           131.155.2.71     /pub/linux
       srawgw.sra.co.jp               133.137.4.3      /pub/os/linux
       cair.kaist.ac.kr                                /pub/Linux
       ftp.denet.dk                   129.142.6.74     /pub/OS/linux
       NCTUCCCA.edu.tw                140.111.1.10     /Operating-Systems/Linux
       nic.switch.ch                  130.59.1.40      /mirror/linux
       cnuce_arch.cnr.it              131.114.1.10     /pub/Linux
       ftp.monash.edu.au              130.194.11.8     /pub/linux
       ftp.dstc.edu.au                130.102.181.31   /pub/linux
       ftp.sydutech.usyd.edu.au       129.78.192.2     /pub/linux

  tsx-11.mit.edu and fgb1.fgb.mw.tu-muenchen.de are the official sites
  for Linux' GCC.  Some sites mirror other sites.  Please use the site
  closest (network-wise) to you whenever possible.

  At least sunsite.unc.edu and ftp.informatik.tu-muenchen.de offer
  ftpmail services.  Mail ftpmail@sunsite.unc.edu or ftp@informatik.tu-
  muenchen.de for help.

  If you are lost, try looking at
  sunsite.unc.edu:/pub/Linux/distributions/, where several distributions
  are offered.  Red Hat Linux and Slackware appear to be the most
  popular distributions at the moment, and Debian also has a strong
  following.

  6.2.  CDROM

  Most people now install Linux from CDROM's.  The distributions have
  grown to hundreds of MBs of Linux software, and downloading that over
  even a 28.8 modem takes a long time.

  There are essentially two ways to purchase a Linux distribution on
  CDROM: as part of an archive of FTP sites, or directly from the
  manufacturer.  If you purchase an archive, you will almost always get
  several different distributions to choose from, but usually support is
  not included.  When you purchase a distribution directly from the
  vendor, you usually only get one distribution, but you usually get
  some form of support, usually installation support.

  6.3.  Other methods of obtaining Linux

  There are many BBS's that have Linux files.  A list of them is
  occasionally posted to comp.os.linux.announce.  Ask friends and user
  groups, or order one of the commmercial distributions.  A list of
  these is contained in the Linux distribution HOWTO, available as
  sunsite.unc.edu:/pub/Linux/docs/HOWTO/distribution-HOWTO, and posted
  regularily to the comp.os.linux.announce newsgroup.

  7.  Getting started

  As mentioned at the beginning, Linux is not centrally administered.
  Because of this, there is no ``official'' release that one could point
  at, and say ``That's Linux.''  Instead, there are various
  ``distributions,'' which are more or less complete collections of
  software configured and packaged so that they can be used to install a
  Linux system.

  The first thing you should do is to get and read the list of
  Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ) from one of the FTP sites, or by
  using the normal Usenet FAQ archives (e.g. rtfm.mit.edu).  This
  document has plenty of instructions on what to do to get started, what
  files you need, and how to solve most of the common problems (during
  installation or otherwise).

  8.  Legal Status of Linux

  Although Linux is supplied with the complete source code, it is
  copyrighted software, not public domain.  However, it is available for
  free under the GNU General Public License, sometimes referred to as
  the ``copyleft''.  See the GPL for more information.  The programs
  that run under Linux each have their own copyright, although many of
  them use the GPL as well.  X uses the MIT X copyright, and some
  utilities are under the BSD copyright.  In any case, all of the
  software on the FTP site is freely distributable (or else it shouldn't
  be there).

  9.  News About Linux

  A monthly magazine, called Linux Journal, was launched over two years
  ago.  It includes articles intended for almost all skill levels, and
  is intended to be helpful to all Linux users.  One-year subscriptions
  are $22 in the U.S., $27 in Canada and Mexico, and $32 elsewhere,
  payable in US currency.  Subscription inquiries can be sent via email
  to subs@ssc.com, or faxed to +1-206-782-7191, or phoned to
  +1-206-782-7733, or mailed to Linux Journal, PO Box 85867, Seattle, WA
  98145-1867 USA.  SSC has a PGP public key available for encrypting
  your mail to protect your credit card number; finger info@ssc.com to
  get the key.

  There are several Usenet newsgroups for Linux discussion, and also
  several mailing lists.  See the Linux FAQ for more information about
  the mailing lists (you should be able to find the FAQ either in the
  newsgroup or on the FTP sites).

  The newsgroup comp.os.linux.announce is a moderated newsgroup for
  announcements about Linux (new programs, bug fixes, etc).

  The newsgroup comp.os.linux.answers is a moderated newsgroup to which
  the Linux FAQ, HOWTO documents, and other documentation postings are
  made.

  The newsgroup comp.os.linux.admin is an unmoderated newsgroup for
  discussion of administration of Linux systems.

  The newsgroup comp.os.linux.development.system is an unmoderated
  newsgroup specifically for discussion of Linux kernel development.
  The only application development questions that should be discussed
  here are those that are intimately associated with the kernel.  All
  other development questions are probably generic Unix development
  questions and should be directed to a comp.unix group instead, unless
  they are very Linux-specific applications questions, in which case
  they should be directed at comp.os.linux.development.apps.

  The newsgroup comp.os.linux.development.apps is an unmoderated
  newsgroup specifically for discussion of Linux-related applications
  development.  It is not for discussion of where to get applications
  for Linux, nor a discussion forum for those who would like to see
  applications for Linux.

  The newsgroup comp.os.linux.hardware is for Linux-specific hardware
  questions.

  The newsgroup comp.os.linux.networking is for Linux-specific
  networking development and setup questions.

  The newsgroup comp.os.linux.x is for Linux-specific X Windows
  questions.

  The newsgroup comp.os.linux.misc is the replacement for comp.os.linux,
  and is meant for any discussion that doesn't belong elsewhere.

  In general, do not crosspost between the Linux newsgroups.  The only
  crossposting that is appropriate is an occasional posting between one
  unmoderated group and comp.os.linux.announce.  The whole point of
  splitting comp.os.linux into many groups is to reduce traffic in each.
  Those that do not follow this rule will be flamed without mercy...

  Linux is on the Web (World Wide Web, WWW, W3, etc.)  The URL is
  <http://sunsite.unc.edu/mdw/linux.html>

  10.  The Future

  After Linux 1.0 was released, work has been done on several
  enhancements.  Disk access speedups, TTY improvements, and many more
  things became available in Linux 1.2.  Linux 1.2 had many new
  enhancements, including virtual memory enhancements, multiple platform
  support, quotas, and more.  Linux 2.0 has now been released, with even
  more enhancements, including many performance improvements, several
  new networking protocols, one of the fastest TCP/IP implementations
  available, and far, far more.

  There is plenty of code left to write, and even more documentation.
  Please join the linux-doc@vger.rutgers.edu mailing list if you would
  like to contribute to the documentation. Send mail to
  majordomo@vger.rutgers.edu with a single line containing the word
  ``help'' in the body (NOT the subject) of the message.

  11.  This document

  This document is maintained by Michael K. Johnson,
  johnsonm@redhat.com. Please mail me with any comments, no matter how
  small.  I can't do a good job of maintaining this document without
  your help.  A more-or-less current copy of this document can always be
  found at <http://sunsite.unc.edu/mdw/linux.html>

  12.  Legalese

  Trademarks are owned by their owners.  There is no warranty about the
  information in this document.  Use and distribute at your own risk.
  The content of this document is in the public domain, but please be
  polite and attribute any quotes.


- --- END Linux INFO-SHEET part 1/1 ---

-----BEGIN PGP SIGNATURE-----
Version: 2.6.2
Comment: finger gregh@cc.gatech.edu for public key

iQCVAwUBMgQRVntNTo2suu5NAQG+swQAq3hOFxc3EVcl8h+gNlEwwzawJO5FoqkB
C6uwFyUsRtfBV8wHMtxmHRhf59U35Sn++1JjZ+IN4VxOB089cjrifTRaYUXNXkwO
llfUhBtwVczuqU2wxueRovoNs8v+lIWzhngugsB87A74PnMgfMb2JZVjM/MVwAXi
PAVwW3fT/kQ=
=ZKrw
-----END PGP SIGNATURE-----
